creating aws-prod-ocp4-stage overlay for thoth-integration tests (#2458)
thoth-station/thoth-application: integration-tests/overlays/aws-prod-ocp4-stage/README.rst

> Integration tests for smaug-prod
> ------------------------------
> 
> This overlay keeps manifests needed to run integration tests for smaug-prod. Note
> integration tests are executed in ocp4-stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration tests for aws-prod
------------------------------

This overlay keeps manifests needed to run integration tests against aws-prod environment. Note
integration tests are executed in ocp4-stage.
```
